Total height:212px

Content height= 150px
padding height top= 10px 
border height top = 1px 
margin height top =20px
padding height bottom = 10px
border height bottom 1px
margin height bottom = 20px

Total Width:462px

Content Width = 400px
padding width right = 10px
border width right = 1px
margin width right = 20px
padding width left = 10px
border width left = 1px
margin width left = 20px

Browser Calculated height:172px

Content height = 150px
border height top = 1px
padding height top = 10px
border height bottom = 1px
padding height bottom = 10px

Browser Calculated width:422px

Content width = 400px
border width right = 1px
padding width right = 10px
border width left = 1px
padding width left = 10px

